easy mental retardation
Mr. Xie
You were blocked by the Wang family
It should be, oops.
Mr. Li, you must be more careful in the future
Wang Kuan is not good at anything
Since he dares to attack you this time
There will definitely be a next time.
I think so.
Hey, I just wanted to ask you
Is there anything the security personnel recommend?
Preferably a woman.
I am more worried about Cher's safety, hey.
My dad does know a few friends from the army
Let him ask to see if there is any rest.
You bring this to people
Isn't that nice?
Then I thank Xuchang first
Ah listen to me
It's not me, don't go
Damn, it's not enough to achieve things, it's more than enough to lose things
You can't even fuck a yellow-haired kid
What the hell do I need you for?
What the hell are you doing?
How can I wait in the future?
Ah, dear.
How the hell am I gonna wait for him? I'm begging you
He's my brother
I beg you.
Emperor Emperor
I have another way.
You can make that Ye pay the price
Do you still have it?
He also has a fiancée
Looking for Jiang Xue